Use Envoy Gateway HTTPRoute in HelmRelease tutorial values example (#3247)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/fleet-management/app-platform/deploy-app-helmrelease/index.md

To determine what configuration values of our chart accepts, let's take a look at the source repository. Our application's source lives in the GitHub repository [giantswarm/hello-world](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app).

> Assuming that we want to deploy the most recent release, which is [v3.0.2](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app/releases/tag/v3.0.2) as of the writing of this guide, we can browse the repository content at tag `v3.0.2`. We find its default configuration in the [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app/blob/v3.0.2/helm/hello-world/values.yaml) file inside the `helm/hello-world` folder.

Author: ```suggestion
Assuming that we want to deploy the most recent release, which is [v3.0.2](https://github.com/giantswarm/hello-world-app/releases/tag/v3.0.2) as of the writing of this guide, and at the same time we want to have automatic upgrades for minor and patch versions, we use `v3.x.x`.
```

We don't have to deal with most of the configuration options in this case. However, to get the application fully working and see a little demo website deployed to our server, we need to expose it through the cluster's [Envoy Gateway]({{< relref "/tutorials/connectivity/gateway-api" >}}) using a Gateway API `HTTPRoute`. The chart's `route` block renders that `HTTPRoute` for us. Based on our assumptions for this example case, we create a new `values.yaml` file like this:

```yaml

> ingress:

Reviewer: Do you want to keep the `ingress:` line?

Author: it is a decision we can make and remove support, but I would do it afterwards

Reviewer 2: I like that it keeps the `ingress.enabled: false` lines 👍 
and its explained in the sentence after the code block

```nohighlight
flux create source oci dev01-hello-world \
    --url oci://gsoci.azurecr.io/charts/giantswarm/hello-world \

>     --tag 3.0.2 \

Author: ```suggestion
    --tag 3.x.x \
```

- By convention, we prefix the resource name with the cluster name and a dash: `dev01-hello-world`. The second part of the name should simply remind us what chart this is for.
- The `--url` flag is needed to specify URL of the chart repository in the registry. Giant Swarm's public registry has the domain `gsoci.azurecr.io`. Our charts have the namespace prefix `charts/giantswarm/`. The chart itself is named `hello-world`. And as a protocol prefix, `oci://` is required. This results in the URL `oci://gsoci.azurecr.io/charts/giantswarm/hello-world`.

> - The `--tag` field specifies which exact version (OCI (Open Container Initiative) tag) to use. Watch out: OCI (Open Container Initiative) tags aren't necessarily identical with git tags in the source repository. In fact, in our example, the git tag is `v3.0.2`, but the OCI (Open Container Initiative) tag is `3.0.2` without the `v` prefix. We recommend using a CLI like [crane](https://michaelsauter.github.io/crane/) or a service like [OCI.dag.dev](https://oci.dag.dev/?repo=gsoci.azurecr.io%2Fcharts%2Fgiantswarm%2Fhello-world) to verify which tags are available.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `--tag` field specifies which exact version (OCI (Open Container Initiative) tag) to use. Watch out: OCI (Open Container Initiative) tags aren't necessarily identical to git tags in the source repository. In fact, in our example, the git tag is `v3.0.2`, but the OCI (Open Container Initiative) tag follows the format `X.Y.Z` without the `v` prefix. We recommend using a CLI like [crane](https://michaelsauter.github.io/crane/) or a service like [OCI.dag.dev](https://oci.dag.dev/?repo=gsoci.azurecr.io%2Fcharts%2Fgiantswarm%2Fhello-world) to verify which tags are available.
```

```nohighlight
flux create source oci dev01-hello-world \
    --url oci://gsoci.azurecr.io/charts/giantswarm/hello-world \

>     --tag 3.0.2 \

Reviewer: We could use `--semver x.x.x` instead for using the latest release

Author: ok

>     --tag 3.0.2 \

Author: ```suggestion
    --tag 3.x.x \
```
